I was never really into the anti-sexual revolution memes I have seen here. I agreed that women getting plowed until they are 35 and then trying to get married is probably a stupid idea, thought maybe there is something to say about being considered a slut, thought maybe traditional marriage is probably a good thing even though I would rather kill myself than get married, etc.

But I went to a women's sex/dating/talk thing geared towards women… I really don't even know what it was supposed to be about. It consisted basically of female speakers saying it's OK to have a one night stand if you want to, stuff about freezing your eggs, and ended with about 20 minutes of discussion about how aids and other STDs are not that big a deal in the modern age with modern medicine.

I left thinking that that last point was kind of retarded, but the main thing I was thinking as I left is: shouldn't these girls be thinking about something other than… wait what was the topic again? How to enjoy your sex life more? I don't fucking get it. It seems pretty fucking obvious to me that if you are a girl you want to get married pretty quickly so you don't go down that slippery slope of shitty desperation, unless you happen to actually be really smart and your career isn't something retarded.

I just left thinking: shouldn't there maybe be even one iota of discussion here about what men are looking for in a girl? That was what I was thinking of. Why don't these girls care about what men want? What the fuck are they even talking about here? How to not feel bad for fucking a lot of people and getting AIDS? It wasn't full blown feminazi retardation but I was thinking my god why isn't there even one iota of discussion about maybe what men want? I mean, none? Just 'be comfortable being a size 16' and shit?

Seriously, really retarded over the top memes about how all women need to get in the kitchen aside, what realistically is going to happen as a result of this kind of shit and how might it be improved?
